readme.md, before:

# Stripe

A comprehensive billing package for stripe.

The package requires PHP 5.4+ and follows the FIG standard PSR-4 to ensure a high level of interoperability between shared PHP.

Part of the Cartalyst Arsenal & licensed [Cartalyst PSL](license.txt). Code well, rock on.

## Package Story

Package history and capabilities.

#### xx-May-14 - v1.0.0

- Can apply a coupon to the user.
- Can swap the default user credit card.
- Can list all the attached credit cards.
- Can attach new credit cards.
- Can update existing credit cards.
- Can delete existing credit cards.
- Can make an existing credit card the default credit card.
- Can check if the user has any active credit cards.
- Can list all the charges the user has made.
- Can create a new charge.
- Can create a new charge to be captured later.
- Can create a new charge with a new credit card.
- Can refund charges.
- Can list all the subscriptions the user has.
- Can create a new subscription.
- Can create a new subscription with a trial period.
- Can create a new subscription and apply a coupon to the subscription.
- Can cancel an active subscription.
- Can cancel an active subscription at the end of the period.
- Can resume a canceled subscription.
- Can resume a canceled subscription and remove its trial period.
- Can resume a canceled subscription and change its trial period end date.
- Can apply a coupon to an existing subscription.
- Can remove a coupon from an existing subscription.
- Can apply a trial period on an existing subscription.
- Can remove a trial period from an existing subscription.
- Can check if the subscription is on its trial period.
- Can check if the subscription is canceled.
- Can check if the subscription has expired.
- Can check if the subscription is on the grace period.
- Can check if the user has any active subscriptions.

## Requirements

- PHP >=5.4

## Installation

Stripe is installable with Composer. Read further information on how to install.

[Installation Guide](https://cartalyst.com/manual/stripe#installation)

## Documentation

Refer to the following guide on how to use the Stripe package.

[Documentation](https://cartalyst.com/manual/stripe)

## Versioning

We version under the [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/) guidelines as much as possible.

Releases will be numbered with the following format:

`<major>.<minor>.<patch>`

And constructed with the following guidelines:

* Breaking backward compatibility bumps the major (and resets the minor and patch)
* New additions without breaking backward compatibility bumps the minor (and resets the patch)
* Bug fixes and misc changes bumps the patch

## Contributing

Please read the [Contributing](contributing.md) guidelines.

## Support

Have a bug? Please create an [issue](https://github.com/cartalyst/stripe/issues) here on GitHub that conforms with [necolas's guidelines](https://github.com/necolas/issue-guidelines).

Follow us on Twitter, [@cartalyst](http://twitter.com/cartalyst).

Join us for a chat on IRC.

Server: irc.freenode.net
Channel: #cartalyst

Email: help@cartalyst.com

Commit message:

add credit to taylor and cashier on the readme
Signed-off-by: Bruno Gaspar <brunofgaspar1@gmail.com>

readme.md, after:

# Stripe

A comprehensive billing package for stripe.

The package requires PHP 5.4+ and follows the FIG standard PSR-4 to ensure a high level of interoperability between shared PHP.

Part of the Cartalyst Arsenal & licensed [Cartalyst PSL](license.txt). Code well, rock on.

The package was inspired by the Laravel Cashier by Taylor Otwell.

## Package Story

Package history and capabilities.

#### xx-May-14 - v1.0.0

- Can apply a coupon to the user.
- Can swap the default user credit card.
- Can list all the attached credit cards.
- Can attach new credit cards.
- Can update existing credit cards.
- Can delete existing credit cards.
- Can make an existing credit card the default credit card.
- Can check if the user has any active credit cards.
- Can list all the charges the user has made.
- Can create a new charge.
- Can create a new charge to be captured later.
- Can create a new charge with a new credit card.
- Can refund charges.
- Can list all the subscriptions the user has.
- Can create a new subscription.
- Can create a new subscription with a trial period.
- Can create a new subscription and apply a coupon to the subscription.
- Can cancel an active subscription.
- Can cancel an active subscription at the end of the period.
- Can resume a canceled subscription.
- Can resume a canceled subscription and remove its trial period.
- Can resume a canceled subscription and change its trial period end date.
- Can apply a coupon to an existing subscription.
- Can remove a coupon from an existing subscription.
- Can apply a trial period on an existing subscription.
- Can remove a trial period from an existing subscription.
- Can check if the subscription is on its trial period.
- Can check if the subscription is canceled.
- Can check if the subscription has expired.
- Can check if the subscription is on the grace period.
- Can check if the user has any active subscriptions.

## Requirements

- PHP >=5.4

## Installation

Stripe is installable with Composer. Read further information on how to install.

[Installation Guide](https://cartalyst.com/manual/stripe#installation)

## Documentation

Refer to the following guide on how to use the Stripe package.

[Documentation](https://cartalyst.com/manual/stripe)

## Versioning

We version under the [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/) guidelines as much as possible.

Releases will be numbered with the following format:

`<major>.<minor>.<patch>`

And constructed with the following guidelines:

* Breaking backward compatibility bumps the major (and resets the minor and patch)
* New additions without breaking backward compatibility bumps the minor (and resets the patch)
* Bug fixes and misc changes bumps the patch

## Contributing

Please read the [Contributing](contributing.md) guidelines.

## Support

Have a bug? Please create an [issue](https://github.com/cartalyst/stripe/issues) here on GitHub that conforms with [necolas's guidelines](https://github.com/necolas/issue-guidelines).

Follow us on Twitter, [@cartalyst](http://twitter.com/cartalyst).

Join us for a chat on IRC.

Server: irc.freenode.net
Channel: #cartalyst

Email: help@cartalyst.com
